README.md, before:

# Todo Check - Web App & Browser Extension

This is a full-stack application that combines a Next.js web application with a browser extension for managing todos and calendar integration.

## Features

- User authentication (registration and login)
- Todo management with calendar integration
- Browser extension for quick access to todos
- Modern UI components with shadcn/ui
- PostgreSQL database with Prisma ORM
- Real-time todo status updates
- Calendar view for task scheduling
- Browser notifications and reminders
- Secure authentication with middleware protection

## Setup

### Web Application

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Set up your PostgreSQL database and update the `.env` file:

```
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:password@localhost:5432/dbname"
```

3. Run Prisma migrations:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev
```

4. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Browser Extension

1. Build the extension:

```bash
npm run build:extension
```

2. Load the extension in your browser:
   - Open Chrome/Edge and go to `chrome://extensions`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `extension/dist` folder

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 13+
- Chrome Extension Manifest V3
- shadcn/ui components
- PostgreSQL
- Prisma ORM
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- WebPack (for extension bundling)
- bcryptjs for password hashing

Commit message:

fix: change app name as routine

README.md, after:

# Routine Check - Web App & Browser Extension

This is a full-stack application that combines a Next.js web application with a browser extension for managing routines and calendar integration.

## Features

- User authentication (registration and login)
- Routine management with calendar integration
- Browser extension for quick access to routines
- Modern UI components with shadcn/ui
- PostgreSQL database with Prisma ORM
- Real-time routine status updates
- Calendar view for routine scheduling
- Browser notifications and reminders
- Secure authentication with middleware protection

## Setup

### Web Application

1. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

2. Set up your PostgreSQL database and update the `.env` file:

```
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:password@localhost:5432/dbname"
```

3. Run Prisma migrations:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev
```

4. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Browser Extension

1. Build the extension:

```bash
npm run build:extension
```

2. Load the extension in your browser:
   - Open Chrome/Edge and go to `chrome://extensions`
   - Enable "Developer mode"
   - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `extension/dist` folder

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 13+
- Chrome Extension Manifest V3
- shadcn/ui components
- PostgreSQL
- Prisma ORM
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- WebPack (for extension bundling)
- bcryptjs for password hashing
